God knows; I won't be an Oxford don anyhow. I'll be a poet, a writer, a dramatist. Somehow or other I'll be famous, and if not famous, I'll be notorious. Or perhaps I'll lead the life of pleasure for a time and then—who knows?—rest and do nothing. What does Plato say is the highest end that man can attain here below? To sit down and contemplate the good. Perhaps that will be the end of me too.
then there is no difference between fame and obscurity. 
I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best. 
Be warned in time, James, and remain, as I do, incomprehensible: to be great is to be misunderstood.
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it. 
The honest ratepayer and his healthy family have no doubt often mocked at the dome-like forehead of the philosopher, and laughed over the strange perspective of the landscape that lies beneath him. If they really knew who he was, they would tremble. For Chuang Tsǔ spent his life in preaching the great creed of Inaction, and in pointing out the uselessness of all things. 
Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative. 
A poet can survive everything but a misprint. 
Most modern calendars mar the sweet simplicity of our lives by reminding us that each day that passes is the anniversary of some perfectly uninteresting event. 
A simile committing suicide is always a depressing spectacle. 
And, after all, what is a fashion? From the artistic point of view, it is usually a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months. 
We have really everything in common with America nowadays, except, of course, language. 
It is always a silly thing to give advice, but to give good advice is absolutely fatal. 
The more we study Art, the less we care for Nature. What Art really reveals to us is Nature's lack of design, her curious crudities, her extraordinary monotony, her absolutely unfinished condition. 
Art finds her own perfection within, and not outside of herself. She is not to be judged by any external standard of resemblance. She is a veil, rather than a mirror. 
All art is immoral. 
He is really not so ugly after all, provided, of course, that one shuts one's eyes, and does not look at him. 
Death must be so beautiful. To lie in the soft brown earth, with the grasses waving above one's head, and listen to silence. To have no yesterday, and no tomorrow. To forget time, to forgive life, to be at peace. 
I put all my genius into my life; I put only my talent into my works. 
An excellent man: he has no enemies, and none of his friends like him.
I summed up all systems in a phrase, and all existence in an epigram. 
People who count their chickens before they are hatched act very wisely because chickens run about so absurdly that it's impossible to count them accurately. 
It is better to have a permanent income than to be fascinating. 
One can survive everything nowadays except death. 
Psycholog­y is in its infancy, as a science. I hope in the interests of Art, it will always remain so. 
Prayer must never be answered: if it is, it ceases to be prayer and becomes correspondence. 
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. The consciousness of loving and being loved brings warmth and richness to life that nothing else can bring. 
After the first glass you see things as you wish they were. After the second glass you see things as they are not. Finally, you see things as they really are, and that is the most horrible thing in the world. 

